TERMS AND CONDITIONS

   1. Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person 
obtaining a copy of the STIX Fonts-TM set accompanying this license 
(collectively, the "Fonts") and the associated documentation files 
(collectively with the Fonts, the "Font Software"), to reproduce and 
distribute the Font Software, including the rights to use, copy, merge 
and publish copies of the Font Software, and to permit persons to whom 
the Font Software is furnished to do so same, subject to the following 
terms and conditions (the "License").

   2. The following copyright and trademark notice and these Terms and 
Conditions shall be included in all copies of one or more of the Font 
typefaces and any derivative work created as permitted under this 
License:

	Copyright (c) 2001-2005 by the STI Pub Companies, consisting of 
the American Institute of Physics, the American Chemical Society, the 
American Mathematical Society, the American Physical Society, Elsevier, 
Inc., and The Institute of Electrical and Electronic Engineers, Inc. 
Portions copyright (c) 1998-2003 by MicroPress, Inc. Portions copyright 
(c) 1990 by Elsevier, Inc. All rights reserved. STIX Fonts-TM is a 
trademark of The Institute of Electrical and Electronics Engineers, Inc.

   3. You may (a) convert the Fonts from one format to another (e.g., 
from TrueType to PostScript), in which case the normal and reasonable 
distortion that occurs during such conversion shall be permitted and (b) 
embed or include a subset of the Fonts in a document for the purposes of 
allowing users to read text in the document that utilizes the Fonts. In 
each case, you may use the STIX Fonts-TM mark to designate the resulting 
Fonts or subset of the Fonts.

   4. You may also (a) add glyphs or characters to the Fonts, or modify 
the shape of existing glyphs, so long as the base set of glyphs is not 
removed and (b) delete glyphs or characters from the Fonts, provided 
that the resulting font set is distributed with the following 
disclaimer: "This [name] font does not include all the Unicode points 
covered in the STIX Fonts-TM set but may include others." In each case, 
the name used to denote the resulting font set shall not include the 
term "STIX" or any similar term.

   5. You may charge a fee in connection with the distribution of the 
Font Software, provided that no copy of one or more of the individual 
Font typefaces that form the STIX Fonts-TM set may be sold by itself.

   6. THE FONT SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS," WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY 
KIND, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, ANY WARRANTIES 
OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT 
OF COPYRIGHT, PATENT, TRADEMARK OR OTHER RIGHT. IN NO EVENT SHALL 
MICROPRESS OR ANY OF THE STI PUB COMPANIES BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, 
DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, ANY GENERAL, 
SPECIAL, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES, WHETHER IN AN 
ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM OR OUT OF THE USE OR 
INABILITY TO USE THE FONT SOFTWARE OR FROM OTHER DEALINGS IN THE FONT 
SOFTWARE.

   7. Except as contained in the notice set forth in Section 2, the 
names MicroPress Inc. and STI Pub Companies, as well as the names of the 
companies/organizations that compose the STI Pub Companies, shall not be 
used in advertising or otherwise to promote the sale, use or other 
dealings in the Font Software without the prior written consent of the 
respective company or organization.

   8. This License shall become null and void in the event of any 
material breach of the Terms and Conditions herein by licensee.

   9. A substantial portion of the STIX Fonts set was developed by 
MicroPress Inc. for the STI Pub Companies. To obtain additional 
mathematical fonts, please contact MicroPress, Inc., 68-30 Harrow 
Street, Forest Hills, NY 11375, USA - Phone: (718) 575-1816.

