Apache-Style Software License for ColorBrewer Color Schemes

Version 1.1

Copyright (c) 2002 Cynthia Brewer, Mark Harrower, and The Pennsylvania 
State University. All rights reserved. Redistribution and use in source 
and binary forms, with or without modification, are permitted provided 
that the following conditions are met:

1. Redistributions as source code must retain the above copyright notice, 
this list of conditions and the following disclaimer.

2. The end-user documentation included with the redistribution, if any, 
must include the following acknowledgment: "This product includes color 
specifications and designs developed by Cynthia Brewer 
(http://colorbrewer.org/)." Alternately, this acknowledgment may appear in 
the software itself, if and wherever such third-party acknowledgments 
normally appear.

3. The name "ColorBrewer" must not be used to endorse or promote products 
derived from this software without prior written permission. For written 
permission, please contact Cynthia Brewer at cbrewer@psu.edu.

4. Products derived from this software may not be called "ColorBrewer", 
nor may "ColorBrewer" appear in their name, without prior written 
permission of Cynthia Brewer.

THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS" AND ANY EXPRESSED OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, 
INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY 
AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL 
CYNTHIA BREWER, MARK HARROWER, OR THE PENNSYLVANIA STATE UNIVERSITY BE 
LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR 
CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF 
SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS 
INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN 
CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) 
ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE 
POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE.
